how to customize the bottom dog on the
home screen of the Samsung guys in
history so basically this bottom dock is
a quick access to the app that you use
most at the moment it has already had
some five application here basically the
most you can have on this bottom dock is
some maximum of five application so in
order for you to replace to add a
different app you need to remove one of
the existing shortcut from this stock
here so let's say if I want to add an
internet shortcut from the top here down
to this top here basically I need to
remove one of this app so just tap and
hold on to one of the app that you want
to remove and then just drag it out onto
the home screen now you can see I only
have four left so I can continue to do
this so I can just keep dragging it out
now because I have we move to this means
i have to spot available for the new
shortcuts so i can drag the internet
shortcuts down here oh i can drag the
settings down here so i watch it with a
maximum of five icons i can no longer
anymore so you can see if i try to add
in another one the other one would will
jump out so we'll try to replace the one
that i'm trying to use so basically if I
want to add the contact back in the
setting to go go out so I'm going to add
this what's up in the internet icons
will move out so that's how you
customize this bottom dock also if you
want to add directly it from the
sunlight apps list here
so if I want to add a calculator
basically yes I think we have to just
check on to the home screen for us so we
need to go into here and then drag the
application that you want to use on to
the home screen and then from the home
screen then you can drag it to the
bottom dock so that's how you can
customize the bottom dog thank you for
watching this video please subscribe to
our channel for more video tutorials